What dragon handsome lord
Long Shuai is standing in front of you is the British army
Millionaire Hero
The Kingdom of God
I am the king
Lord Long Shuai, when you see Lord Long Shuai, kneel down for me
Didn't you just say that you wanted to save the poor and die?
dare not dare
Ma Long is too indulgent
Don't you want to be the president?
The letter from Che Pai is beyond my control
Never a second time
This listen to life
arrogant and domineering
defiant
Kincaid's Shunchao
All priceless success becomes destiny
What?
Become a common people
You wait for yourself
Attack you, Mr. Le
Don't drink it. What does it look like?
I'm going to be sent to Neguta
What's wrong with me having two drinks?
Don't let it go
You see, now we're making fake people.
What do you mean?
Let me tell you something.
I just found out.
Lord Li Wei is still serious in the Governor's Mansion
Didn't you get fired for anything?
World wedding kind
Lord Li Wei was dismissed
We were sent to your country.
But you see, our family is not doing well now.
Lord Li Wei's official position is nothing at all
And you're not surprised.